---
description: Learn how to complete incentivized requests for data
---

# Completing a Bounty

## **What are bounties?**

[bounties.md](../concepts/bounties.md "mention") are economically incentivized requests for data in the protocol. Triples with an actively bountied subject-predicate combination are eligible for additional economic incentives if accepted into the protocol.

## How to fulfill a bounty

Bounties may be fulfilled in the dApp's UI or programmatically. A view of bounties on the protocol can be found at [https://dapp.golden.xyz/bounties](https://dapp.golden.xyz/bounties).

## **FAQ**

* Who is generating these requests?

Initially, bounties are generated by requests for data on Golden.com. Later, an API will be opened for anyone or any interface to programmatically create bounties.

* What happens if multiple users file the same bounty

The incentive pool for that bounty will increase. Depending on the request's context, this may mean a higher number of triples are eligible for the incentive or that the magnitude of the incentive is higher per triple that meets the bounty's requirements.&#x20;

* Can anyone file a bounty?

Anyone can request data on Golden.com. Later, an API to programmatically create a bounty will be opened.

* When will I see my reward?

If you submit a triple that is _accepted_ with an actively bountied subject-predicate combination, you will see the incentive received on the dApp's contributions page: [https://dapp.golden.xyz/activity/contributions](https://dapp.golden.xyz/activity/contributions).

* What happens if I answer a bounty incorrectly?

If you submit a triple that is _rejected_ with an actively bountied subject-predicate combination, you will be slashed the same as if that triple had not been bountied.&#x20;
